Backport PR #13612 to 7.17: [Docs] Add pipeline.ecs_compatibility to the list (#13638)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/running-logstash-command-line.asciidoc

  When creating pipeline batches, how long to wait while polling for the next event. This option defines
  how long in milliseconds to wait while polling for the next event before dispatching an undersized batch
  to filters and outputs. The default is 50ms.
  
  *`--pipeline.ecs_compatibility MODE`*::
  Sets the process default value for  ECS compatibility mode.
  Can be an ECS version like `v1` or `v8`, or `disabled`.

>   The default is `v8`.

Author: ```suggestion
  The default is `disabled`.
```

>   Pipelines defined before Logstash 8 operated without ECS in mind.
>   To ensure a migrated pipeline continues to operate as it did in older releases of Logstash, opt-OUT of ECS for the individual pipeline by setting `pipeline.ecs_compatibility: disabled` in its `pipelines.yml` definition.

Author: ```suggestion
  In Logstash 8, ECS compatibility will be enabled by default.
  To prepare for an upgrade to Logstash 8, you can lock-in the Logstash 7 behavior for an individual pipeline by setting `pipeline.ecs_compatibility: disabled` in its `pipelines.yml` definition. Doing so will ensure that a migrated pipeline will continue to operate as it does in Logstash 7.
```
